hi Becky here bringing you another tip
on how to get the most out of your limp
is pen digital camera today we're here
at the Art Center to demonstrate how the
live control interface lets you
instantly respond to your ever-changing
shooting conditions without slowing you
down every scene is different especially
when you're on the go therefore no
single mode is appropriate for every
situation as the photographer you'll
want to make some fine adjustments when
you change locations live control helps
you make these changes quickly and
easily customizing settings and other
cameras often requires digging deep into
the menu which isn't quick or easy or it
requires you remembering a vast array of
buttons and dials with the Pens live
control it puts it all at your
fingertips and if you're using the pen
with the touchscreen you can even use
your finger to take the picture the live
control menu gives you instant access to
up to 16 critical settings you can
enable and disable flash mode and flash
intensity metering mode auto focus mode
ISO sensitivity face detection or a
movie sound recording you can adjust the
image stabilization the scene or art
filter white balance you can switch to
sequential shooting or set the
self-timer you can change four chord
modes aspect ratio picture modes movie
mode and you can do all this without
ever moving your hands to access live
control just press the ok button with
your thumb you'll see icons lined up
along the right side and bottom edge of
the screen the icons on the right
represent camera settings the icons on
the bottom row are available options for
whichever setting is selected in the
column rotate the wheel controller to
scroll up and down through the icons you
can also press the up and down position
on the wheel controller if that's more
comfortable
depending on your shooting mode some of
the options may not be selectable
because the camera controls them just
scroll past them once you have selected
the function you want to adjust press
the writer left position on the wheel to
scroll through the available options by
default live control is enabled for
programmed aperture priority shutter
priority manual and video shooting modes
the more you use live control the more
you'll love it and for good reasons it
gives you quick and easy access to
settings you change frequently and you
can change the settings without losing
sight of the subject that's all for
today's lesson thanks for watching and
happy shooting